opens with sonic the hedgehog narrating about
his life he lived undisclosed planet under the
care of an owl called longclaw because of his
super speed powers long clearage is sonic to
keep his powers hidden but he loves being able to
go as fast as he can he attracts the attention of
the tribe of echidnas who attack longclaw's home
to keep him safe she gives sonic a bag of rings
that will transport him wherever he needs to
go and she sends him through a ring to earth
sonic tries to run back to her but the
portal closes as she holds off the tribe
ten years later sonic has been hanging out in
green hills montana living in a cave by himself he
spies on sheriff tom wichowski and his wife maddie
whom he has nicknamed donut lord and pretzel lady
because they're always eating those the only
person in town who has seen sonic is a town loon
named crazy carl who calls sonic the blue devil
tom has recently applied to a job in san francisco
and he has been accepted but he knows it would
be a task for maddie to move out there for him
sonic watches a little league game going on and
later plays on the field by himself although he
has fun he truly feels lonely he runs across
the field and creates an electromagnetic pulse
powerful enough to knock out the power across the
pacific northwest tom's fellow officer wade is
receiving calls at the station from everyone
in town and he alerts tom to the situation
the department of defense suspects
something dangerous is going on
so they reluctantly enlist the aid of
brilliant but arrogant scientist dr robotnik
he arrives with his assistant stone
and assumes authority over major
bennington robotnik unleashes his horde of drones
to scope out the area to find any trace of sonic
the drones find one of his footprints and
robotnik sets out to find the little hedgehog
sonic sees the army man hunting for him so
he runs to get everything from his cave as he
prepares to toss a ring to take him to a mushroom
planet he ends up in the wachowskis's garage
tom overhears him after talking about the blackout
to matty who is staying with her sister rachel tom
finds sonic and hits him with a tranquilizer dart
a dazed sonic sees tom's san francisco t-shirt
and drops one ring opening a portal to the top
of the transamerica pyramid building and sonic
drops his bag of rings down there tom brings
sonic inside and asks him a bunch of questions
robotnik tracks sonic's location to the wachowski
house and forces his way inside after hearing a
noise and then finding one of sonic's quills
sonic reveals himself and freaks out robotnik
leading tom to punch him in the face and run away
with sonic robotnik takes the quill and his tom
declared a terrorist to have him become a wanted
man tom reluctantly agrees to take sonic to san
francisco to get his rings back they stop at a gas
station where tom uses a pay phone to talk to wade
who knows he's in trouble unfortunately robotnik
has already gotten to the station with his goons
and knows wade is talking to tom sonic gets out
of the car to check out the bar across the street
tom finds him there and although he urges sonic to
leave sonic wants to have fun before he goes home
they play darts in square dance before getting
into a confrontation with some big guys leading
to a bar brawl sonic takes advantage of things by
using his speed to mess with others before he and
tom have to resume running they end up staying
in a hotel where they bond as friends but after
sonic falls asleep tom sees a news report
of himself affirming his new criminal status
robotnik and stone inspect the scene of the
bar fight and are able to track tom and sonic's
location they talk about tom wanting to move out
of green hills since he doesn't feel like a real
cop there while tom notes that sonic just wants
a real friend robotnik pursues them on the road
using a vehicle of his own invention after
the two see this sonic taps into his powers
after he gets emotional and he manages to roll
quickly against the vehicle to knock it over
it turns out to be some kind of nesting doll of
drones as smaller drones come out to attack they
finally managed to destroy it causing robotnik to
start freaking out over his failures to catch them
but sonic is injured in the explosion sonic and
tom finally arrive in san francisco to rachel's
house rachel doesn't like tom and is always trying
to get maddie to dump him but rachel's daughter
jojo likes him just fine robotnik then applies
sonic's quill to his tech to provide him with
the same power and speed they need sonic after
maddie tries to treat him and jojo gives him a
fresh pair of sneakers after seeing that he is
worn out knowing rachel will give them problems
they tie her up and take her car to go to the
transamerica building the three make their way
to the rooftop and find the bag of rings and are
about to say their goodbyes but before sonic can
go robotnik and his drones find them sonic pushes
tom and matty off the roof and uses his speed to
destroy robotnik's drones he rushes down to toss
a ring to transport tom and maddie back to green
hills safely robotnik then chases sonic as he
uses his rings to go across the globe before
winding up back in green hills robotnik knocks
sonic out nearly killing him before robotnik can
proceed to do more damage tom sneak up on the mad
scientist and open a ring behind him tom steps in
the way and says sonic is his friend just as the
other green hill citizens stand in to defend him
this revives sonic and gives him a power surge
sonic fights back against robotnik and has sonic
rolls hard and smashes robotnik's ship sending
him through the ring into the mushroom planet
sonic decides to stay on earth while tom
and maddie decide to stay in green hills
a government agent shows up at the wachowski home
to reward them for their heroics with an olive
garden gift card they also keep any information
on the incident as well as robotnik hidden tom
and maddie then show sonic that they made a
space for him in their attic for him to stay
recreating it to look like the room in his
cave sonic is happy to be part of a real family
in the mushroom planet robotnik has totally
lost his mind and is now bald with a crazy
mustache just like his video game appearance
he still has sonic's quill and is making plans
to return to earth with it during the credits
another creature appears on earth tails the fox
he is there to track sonic down and he uses
his double tail to fly off and find him
thank you for viewing our movie recapped i
hope you have enjoyed watching our videos
please like and share the video and
subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos